how to craft a SAS website that converts
like
[Music]
crazy even your friend B2B Tech or
outside of SAS this episode will be
super useful my name is Sam Dunning I'm
the founder over at breaking
bb.com where we craft B2B SEO and
website strategies for Revenue not
vanity I also host a top 10 B2B
marketing podcast called breaking BTV so
in today's episode if you're tuning in
Live or if you're tuning in recorded on
the podcast or YouTube we're going to be
diving into first and foremost a bit of
an intro so why you should consider
following the strategy I'm going to
outline for your SAS or Tech website I'm
going to talk about common frustrations
common issues common areas folks wrong
when it comes to their Tech websites
talking about how you can leverage
customer research to make sure that your
website resonates with Target prospects
aka the folks you actually want to sell
to we're going to talk about some of the
key Pages you should consider and some
high level pointers on how those pages
should be structured been talking a
little bit about SEO and how you can
consider organic search to make sure the
site ranks well when target folks are
looking for your offers problems you
fixed or comparing you to Alternatives a
little bit about platforms of CMS
technology to use to build these sites
and then we're going to wrap things up
and do a little bit of a Q&A if you are
tuning in live so feel free to Chuck
your questions in and I'll try and get
to those at the end so let's fire this
thing up and dive straight on
in cool so first and foremost why should
you consider kind of taking your SAS
website seriously well your website can
quite literally be your very
or your very best salesperson so if you
think about any of the sales demos you
might have sat on with a sales rep and
you might have thought this is the worst
demo or the worst sales corol in the
world and it probably went a bit like
this they scheduled a demo with you or
you booked in with them you hopped on
the zoom or the Google Hangouts and all
they did was spend five 10 minutes at
the start talking about how great they
are how many awards they've won how
awesome their product is how many G2
badges they won how many best inclass
recognitions and accreditations they've
got how many awesome features they've
got they took zero time to understand
your world your problems your goals your
frustrations your jobs to be done why
you even want to look at this offer and
then you you left the call or you even
ask the call early because you're so
frustrated well terrible websites are
just the same they they talk about how
great they are how awesome they are the
awards they've won the funding rounds
they've gained instead of kind of
talking about what customers Target
client cents care about so your website
can be your best sales rep by doing the
opposite of that clearly sharing kind of
what you do how you help problems you
fix results pricing and all that good
stuff we're going to dive into shortly
and as it's live 247 it can either be
growing your business so providing a
steady stream of qualified leads or
demos for the sales team or it can be
doing quite the opposite opposite and
repelling folks um so your websites an
owned asset of course unlike LinkedIn
social media Etc it's something that you
can fully own fully control keep
updating and send people to to drive
those inbounds build trust and more and
yeah your website can actually be
harming you so a lot of people say well
we don't actually Drive traffic to our
website all of our work comes from word
of mouth or recommendations or referrals
well that's fine but your website could
be harming you even if that is the case
and you think it's not relevant because
think about every time someone says oh
you need to check this company out for
this software or you need to check this
company out for this SAS
platform what's the first thing they're
going to do they're going to check out
your website and if it reflects poorly
on you and they can't see some of the
stuff they want to see quickly if it's
slow loading if the design is poor if
it's hard for them to access questions
they w't answered if you're hiding stuff
if you make it difficult for them to get
in touch they're going to get a bad
reflection on your company and most
likely hop to a competitor that gives
them a more enjoyable experience so
you're missing out on opportunities that
you didn't even know you're coming your
way just because you haven't taken your
website seriously so the insights I'm
going to share are based on after
launching 310 websites over the last
kind of 10 11 years for with hands-on
experience kind of Designing and
crafting website and SEO strategies for
a bunch of B2B tech
companies and also the insights are
garnered from running my own podcast
breaking B2B for over four years
interviewing a bunch of tech marketing
leaders CMOS VPS of marketing at fast
growth tech companies understanding what
they really care about seeing learning
and taking action on on a SAS site so
with that let's jump straight into it a
few issues we commonly see so common
issues with SAS websites is they're
often designed for ego I.E what the
exact what the marketing what the SE
Suite team thinks looks good sounds good
or it's going to work um just like
website
headlines what I alluded to earlier like
welcome to the award-winning how many
times have you been on a platform
yourself or headed to a SAS or Tech
website and the headline was something
like a 360 Dee allinone AI powered
supercharging your revenues today and
you scroll down a bit further from the
homepage hero and you're still none the
wiser what the hell they do so that that
is a cardinal sin of websites not
clearly demonstrating what you do how
you help your points of differentation
um and similar so that's massive issue
many SAS sites just try and copy their
competitors structure design messaging
and similar many SAS sites are thin on
content so they've only got a few pages
which means they're not going to rank
well from an SEO standpoint and perhaps
not give Target clients the information
they actually care about seeing quickly
um most sites in general fail to
resonate with Target clients they don't
do customer research meaning they're not
building trust they're not educating
they're not showing folks what they want
to see in order to be ready to take a
demo or sign up or book a call hiding
pricing one of the one of the biggest
issues still in B2B Tech and SAS so
people think they're going to get more
quot on quot leads by hiding pricing
which is true they probably will get
more inquiries more signups more demos
but when those folks jump on a coolia
sales team they're going to fall off
their chair when they realize your price
is perhaps way higher than they expected
so even if they did like what you're
offer did like the platform did like the
solution if they can't afford it they
can't afford it so it always makes sense
to share a price we'll talk about that
in more depth hiding the goods massive
issue with SAS sites is that folks gate
their demo they don't share screenshots
they don't share videos of the products
or gifts of the offer and action when
typically folks want to quickly see so
one of the main insights I've gained
from running breaking B2B podcasts for
the last four years or so is that B2B
execs typically want to land on your
site get a quick idea of what you do how
it helps them understand problems you
fix they want to see your offer and
action so whether that's a live demo
screenshots videos they want to play
around with it they want to quickly
check your price they can afford you
they want to get answers to their common
questions and they want to see proof of
results so who have you helped who have
you driven results for what other
businesses and then they want to easily
schedule a call with a specialist um and
the last thing is that many SAS sites
completely neglect organic search so
let's dive into some actionables
customer research so this kind of stuff
if you're a brand new startup company
you've got no budget and that kind of
stuff and you're just throwing up a
website then probably ignore this
because you might just want to do an MVP
website with five pages like home about
um results pricing book a demo something
like that something super simple MVP
this is more for SAS tech companies that
want to take their website seriously and
really want it as a trust Builder to
kind of build that trust with Target
clients and drive a steady Flo of demos
more for kind of funded companies or
growing companies or scale-ups so
customer research why would you bother
doing it well one of the most important
keywords when it comes to webs is it
should resonate but not resonate with
anyone resonate with the folks that have
the problem you fixed that are motivated
to fix that problem have cash to invest
in the offer and fit the idal client
profile you want to start thinking about
interviewing folks that you enjoy
working with that drive good Revenue
that you can drive Real Results for and
I encourage you to focus on up to 10
obviously do less if you can't do 10
folks that recently signed with you and
the reason you want to do recently
signed clients is because they're not
biased they're not customers that have
been with you for years and years that
love you already they going to tell you
whatever you want to hear these are
folks that have only just signed up and
paid you could also consider joining on
sales calls or customer success calls so
some of the key questions I like to ask
are what I'd recommend is recording this
is a zoom session or Google Hangouts
whatever use a tool like fathom or
similar to record it so you can get the
transcription after and play around with
that and some of the key questions I
like to ask are what specifically made
you decide to work with us opposed to a
competitor why well you'll start to
understand the top two three four
competitors in your sector the ones that
you recently always come against you can
see what they're doing with their
messaging with their website with their
content how they're structured and look
for ways that you can
differentiate what problem did you come
to us to fix super useful not just for
your website messaging and content but
for ads things like that so you can
understand kind of the main frustration
the main issues that people face when
they're actually evaluating coming to
the point where they're so annoyed that
they need a a better way of getting the
job done encourage you to look at a
framework called jobs to be done how do
we help you fix that problem so they're
going to walk you through kind of what
you did how you resolv the issue the
benefits of of working with you and how
you made their life better easier and so
on all useful gold
nuggets what were your reservations
about using us this is this is one that
not many people bring up in custom
research so what what held you back what
were you thinking oh not sure about
these guys that can be useful because
that's something you can address like it
might might be oh initially I thought
you were too expensive or I thought your
on boarding was going to be too long I
thought your product looked a bit
complex but once you show me the demo I
realized it wasn't so it can give you
some ideas for things you might need to
address in your messaging and your
content and your structure on your
website what was life like now we you
have our solution and we fix the issue
again just good to know words out of a
customer's mouth in terms of kind of the
results you've
gained this is a nice one for the
website what is most important to you
when looking at a website in our sector
so what you actually care about quickly
seeing learning doing and taking action
on if you're doing a website redesign
this one's clutch what is missing on our
current website what is missing on our
current website and they might say well
you don't share pricing or I can't see
it's hard to see a demo or maybe you're
lacking resources useful videos articles
and more again super helpful and lastly
what could we improve on the existing
site again similar kind of open-ended
question and why once you've done this
recording once you've done your eight to
10 or however many it's realistic
like I say use a tool like fathom and
zoom so you can get that transcript and
then look for patterns and the responses
against each question so we don't want
to look for just an answer response
someone gives once but for example when
we're asking what's the problem you you
came to us to fix or what you feels
missing on our existing website look for
the patterns what is something that's
said consistently across these
recordings note that down in a Google
doc in a Google sheet and that is the
golden nuggets that we can leverage for
our headlines on our homepage General
website copy it can fuel things like
future videos podcasts that you're
creating that's going to be Evergreen
actual searchable content that has real
demand capture all of these interviews
in general are not just good for your
website and your messaging but they're
good for testimonial videos you can chop
them up and use them in your ads on your
website testimonial videos useful for
marketing messaging like I said to
understand problems people care about
fixing what they care about improving
how you help them their life now and it
can also help customer success so you
can pick up on any issues you're falling
short on what needs to be improved and
this shouldn't be a one and done yes
this customer research is good pre-
website build but it's also super useful
to maintain a regular feedback loop your
website's a living organism there's
always updates you can make always
improvements so it should be a regular
feedback loop so let's say we've got
that customer research insights now
diving in to some of the key pages and
key recommendations so first and
foremost before we talk about
kind of key Pages let's just talk about
General best practice so if you look at
my site breaking
bb.com just as a general practice you'll
typically have a menu nav which will
usually be what we call Sticky so that
means when you scroll the menus is fix
the top of the page regardless of where
you're at so you can easily access the
homepage or key page of the site and
usually top right you've got a different
colored button which is for either book
a demo or schedule a call or book a call
or if your p LG product leg growth it
might be grab your 30-day trial or start
for free you've usually got that fixed
and then typically in most sites you've
got hero section at the top or a banner
section some call it where you've got
your main headline your H1 tag you maybe
got example of the product cool to
action maybe some social proof then
talking about problems you fix Solutions
you offer and so on so with that in mind
and then the other thing to consider is
that your website should of course look
good on mobile so if you on Google if we
press F12 we just refresh
making sure that your structure and your
design many sites neglect the mobile
view quite a lot so it looks a bit like
potato so making sure your menu when
it's opened looks nice and is easy to
have that main cool to action access
those main Pages even when you're on
mobile scrolling about it's not the page
isn't page looks nice and clean and
crisp and again just has a good clean UI
user experience that's often neglected
on mobile so let's go to some of the
main pages so first and foremost
homepage I'll show you a couple nice
examples and and kind of some of the
Frameworks we recommend so
homepage first up you've got the hero
area above the fold before the scroll
and one of the main things is the H1 The
Heading the headline so there's a few
Frameworks I encourage so one Baseline
Foundation is something called the grunt
test which I believe was created by a
chap called Donald Miller from a book
called building a story brand really
great marketing and website book he
basically says there's something called
the grunt test so when someone lands on
your website you've got a few seconds to
capture their attention and imagine
imagine you stick your website in front
of a caveman sitting in his cave in
caveman times he's never seen your site
before he's never seen laptop before
he's great he's getting the dust out his
eyes he sees your website for the first
time in his life someone sticks that
laptop in front of him could he quickly
within a few seconds landing on your
site grunt exactly what you do grunt how
it helps them and understand how to
learn more or take the next step if not
your website is missing a trick and
you're perhaps hemorrhaging visitors
losing out on opportunities from
wherever that traffic is coming from
whether it's social whether it's paid
traffic organic traffic referral
recommendations whatever someone should
be able to quickly land on your site
understand what you do how it helps them
and how to get in touch learn more so
Clarity is key so often like I said
earlier SAS websites the headline is so
confusing no one even in the business
understands what they do 360 degree AI
Revenue generating turbocharging
Wizardry platform it's like I have no
idea what you do so I encourage you to
if you're not sure what to say say
something simple so one framework is we
do X that that generates y um in our
headline at breaking B2B we we took the
framework of taking a stance so we got
so annoyed that agencies were doing SEO
for vanity metric like traffic they were
showing these awesome graphs at the end
of the month but it wasn't actually
generating qualified leads qualif like
demos or pipelines so that's we we
basically took a stance against that so
our headline is B2B SEO and web design
for Revenue not vanity then we've got
sub headline most B2B websites fail to
drive a steady flow of qualified leads
we fix that another one you could do is
the problem you fix or the benefit you
provide I are you struggling with x uh
we we T combat it by tackling
y um or another one you can do is is
your point of differentation bit like
I've done with breaking B2B another
example is a hre have got a super clean
above the fold homepage their headline
is super crisp on exactly what the offer
does so you can land on it it says
everything you need to rank higher and
get more traffic so everything you need
to rank higher and get more traffic
quite literally saying there's an
all-in-one platform for SEO um just
below that headline they've got a clear
call to action a nice orange call to
action says sign up for HS they've got
an alternative smaller CTA or you can
get a free hre's web master account and
really nice thing above the fold is
they've got
1,471 users joined H refs in the last
seven days so some really nice social
proof building trust there and before
you scroll they've got a few logos of
brands that they worked with with a line
underneath it saying HS is trusted by
marketers from the world's leading
company so what can we take from this
headline should be super crisp you can
either take a stance go against what you
hate in the industry you can be crystal
clear on the offer is you talk about
points of differentation or you can
maybe talk about a problem you fix or
benefit you bring if you're not sure I
recommend going clear so people can land
on and understand what you do if you're
a bit more advanced and there is
customer jargon that you can use you
could consider weaving that in but in
that above the fold you want your
headline you want a clear call to action
so ah refs have got product Le kind of
growth movement so they've got their
sign up button and they've got the or if
you're not ready sign up for a free
account and they've got how many users
joined in the last seven days and
they've got some logos of trusted Brands
breaking B2B we've got the headline and
we've got book and cool we've got a
video there so in our case we're a
service based companies we got a video
explaining what we're about on our offer
but you could consider actually showing
your offer for example if I look at
winter it's about W sorry w y n t r
they're a website messaging testing
platform if you look at their homepage
literally above the fold you've got the
headline option to book a demo or sign
up and you've got that a get nice gift
of their offer in action so let's
continue we've talked about above the
fold head headline call to actions
ideally show your offer an
action have some social proof logos and
Brands work with and then usually when
you scroll typically we start talking
about so below the fold we typically
start talking about kind of problems we
fix and then Solutions or services to
combat those problems so if we look at
HS they go straight into got of Allin
one SEO tool set this is exactly what
you can do with the product analyze
competitors audit and optimize Etc and
then they've got some nice screenshots
of the product with a video demo if you
go on to Winter the message testing
platform just below the fold quickly say
look we're a specialist in qualitive B2B
insights they've got screenshots of the
product and they're diving straight into
kind of how it can actually help you
with your business some cool to actions
and then they've got some social proof
as you scroll kind of more more of a
breakdown of exactly what's involved in
the product some of the core
features and some of the core use cases
and then some more social proof some
customer reviews with their testimonials
and their headshots and then an option
to sign up a book a
demo I'm breaking B2B as is a bit more
simple so we've kind of got problems we
fixed use cases and then
testimonials and then a footer section H
refs kind of a similar thing to to
Winter they're talking about the data
how it works the fact they've got their
own search engine the fact they've got a
ton of Education materials the support
that you get and then as you scroll
towards the end they've got some
customer testimonials with head shots
talking about kind of some of the key
points and reasons why folks chose them
and then some GT reviews and then the
footer so that is a quick snapshot of
the homepage and some of the things that
you should
consider if we move on to a bit of a
controversial one especially right now
where we are at B2B Tech and B2B SAS
live demo page page so this is one I
think's pretty important if you're in
SAS if you can't show a live demo on the
site then at least show folks kind of
nice gifts screenshots videos as much as
you can of the product before you force
them to speak to sales but there's a
bunch of tools doing it there's one like
navitech and there's a bunch of other
similar tools that allow you to
integrate live damage like Walnut as
well is another example and I think
there's one called story lane or a
similar name yeah if you look at
navitech I'm just on the homepage here
I've clicked there try a demo button and
straight away you can start exploring
the
product you can put info about yourself
and you can dive straight in and it kind
of gives you a bit of a walkthr a bit of
a tutorial of the offer um and there's a
few ways you can do it after you get
through kind of three or four steps of
the navitech live demo it asks you if
you want to book a demo or see some
users you know some folks will gate this
demo so they might ask for an email
address and then you can start playing
around with it some will completely
ungate it but just portion out certain
use cases so you can kind of see parts
of the product certain elements of the
offer and similar then eventually it'll
prompt you to to book that demo but I
encourage you to show as much as the
offer you can before folks book a demo
reason being is that people actually
want to see that you're offering that
your product Your solution can actually
do what they want to do can fix the
problem you want to fix can bring them
the benefit they want to see so if you
can show that beforehand they're going
to join sales calls or demo calls or
whatever strategy call you have as the
next step already kind of bought in so
and it's also going to save you time so
your sales rep doesn't have to go for a
bunch of features they might have
already seen it already so be to be
especially Folks at self-educated way
more than they used to be of five seven
years ago so it's something to
consider next up product or features so
usually on SAS websites if I look now at
my friends Revenue hero under the main
menu as a drop down under features
typically SAS sites will highlight some
of the main features so Revenue Hero's
calendar scheduling tool so they've got
things like instant scheduling smart
meeting distribution campaign router
granular reporting relays instant
qualification and others so basically a
chance to highlight some of the main
features elements that I would go for
what is most requested on sales cools
what are the main things that people
actually care about rather than kind of
going after all a thousand features you
offer what the top five top six or so
features that people really want to see
quickly that they always ask for on
sales demos or prospecting calls and
then focus on
those and then these Pages typically
kind of similar kind of structure to a
homepage kind of headline that talks
about the specific feature if you can
next to that headline a gif of the offer
in action how it works bit of a
breakdown cool to action above the fold
book the demo request the demo or if
you're plg based sign up for 30 days
whatever is relevant B the cool social
proof just below the scroll or if
ideally you you can have it above the
scroll with logos Brands worked with so
in Revenue Hero's case they've got some
of the brands logos loved by hundreds of
modern B2B companies um and then they're
talking through kind of how it works on
that specific feature some more
screenshots of the
product more about the
offer and then they're talking about
kind of how it works with more
screenshots more examples and then going
through kind of some of the use cases so
that's a brief summary of
features another kind of similar
structures industry use case Pages now
this is good because you can highlight
exactly the two two angles specific
Industries you serve I if you go after
HR or sales or marketing or revops but
also if there's specific job roles that
often requested or asked for in sales
calls around your offer you can
highlight
those so for example on if we go back to
revenue here again let's have a look
what they've got here so there theirs is
under a Solutions tab they've got for
demand leaders for revops leaders for
sales leaders of winter got something
like that let's have a
look so not so much yeah if we look at
Revenue
hero if we click into one of those
solutions for revops leaders it's going
to tailor it so what you got to think
about here are what are your main
markets these pages are super good for
SEO because they can be searchable I.E
if someone searching for Revenue Heroes
case scheduling software for revops or
scheduling software Maybe for demand gen
scheduling software for sales leaders
whatever is relevant these Pages can
rank super well and then you tailor it
so you have the hero area headline
that's relevant B your demo in their
case on the right hand side the top hero
area they've got a nice customer quote
and testimonal with
picture they've got the brands work with
again and then they're diving into the
products they've got screenshots
examples how it
works cool to actions as you scroll to
book a demo and then just diving into
that use case to talk about specifically
the offering is tailored to that use
case or that Persona the problems that
can help you fix the advantages that it
brings the main features of this use
case that people actually care about
within that
sector and just as you go continuous
screenshots gifts examples of the
product layering social proofs the
testimonials reviews you can weave in
video reviews here as well so if you've
got video testimonials those are pretty
powerful and then another cool to action
to book a demo and then your foot
section with your main Pages at the
bottom
next up another controversial one for
many in B2B Tech and SAS is the pricing
page so you probably can tell by now but
I'm a huge advocate for sharing pricing
why well it means that you're going to
disqualify poit prospects Drive
qualified prospects through the door it
shows transparency because many folks
will the worst thing you can do here is
have a pricing page that doesn't
actually have any numbers on just says
fill out this form and a sales be in
touch tons of people are going to go
onto that just get frustrated and think
these guys are too scared to share the
price I'm going to head to a competitor
that's more transparent um not only can
it drive more qualified folks that can
actually afford your offer it's a time
to show transparency address common
questions around pricing setup operation
and also build some trust so let's dive
into one example so this is my friends
at Wild spark this is their pricing page
we we built their website we run their
SEO worlds spark.com
so had the pricing page straight away
just almost above the fold you've got
the main core three plans and the price
and you've got the option to kind of add
more or less users and it'll instantly
calculate the pricing you've got an
option for Enterprise you've got three
core plans and you've got an Enterprise
option where you can book a demo if you
want to discuss kind of 150
users as you scroll you got some video
use cases and
testimonials we've got then some FAQs so
this is super powerful so you can answer
things like in the pricing pap FAQs I
encourage you to just pull questions
that you get asked on sales or demo
schools so things like why is it so
expensive how does it work what's the
onboarding process what is the minimum
commitment um do you have a
guarantee what's the strategy like how
do you stack up against competitor a b
and c everything that you get asked not
only is that going to handle those
objections so it saves your sales team
time and they can actually direct fol
straight to these Pages it's going to
going to show transparency it's also
useful content so you're try to do SEO
it just shows transparency Google have a
framework called eat experience
expertise Authority trust and it's
showing that you're actually a
trustworthy Source unlike competitors
you're you're not doing random FAQs
you're actually doing stuff that people
want to learn and then adding social
proof onto the pricing page so to back
up all your claims you can have client
quotes client testimonials talking about
kind of problems they came to you with
their hesitations about working with you
why they chose to work with you what
life is like now you could have that as
written quotes you could have that as
testimonial videos review videos you can
weave in your G2 badges or your trust
era badges or any accreditations you've
got and then have consistent call to
actions to schedule that demo see yeah
pricing page highly recommend I can't
see there's a reason not to have it now
for SAS B2B tech
companies results case studies a quite a
straightforward one folks want to see
you can deliver on what you say you can
want to see proof of delivering for
companies just like yours so on breaking
B2B if we go to our results page we
basically keep it simple so we
have brand logo what we did how we
helped them and then some percentages
increase like we did this increase in
pipeline this increase in organic
traffic and so on then we have some
custom testimonial
videos and we have some more kind of
Brands helped simple summary of what we
did the time frame to deliver and the
results gained again another video
review and then just some simple
examples of work done Brands helped and
results gained it's quite a
straightforward one and it depends how
built out you are so if you've got tons
and tons of case studies you might want
to do an individual case study page for
each and every result that you've gained
if you're a bit more streamlined and
you've only got four to five examples
you might want to keep it a bit simple
like I have with breaking B2B which will
eventually expand but it's really so
folks you can click on see companies
like theirs understand the problem they
came to you with why they chose you
results gained ideally weave in some
testimonial videos that cover that as
well so it builds a bit more Trust on
that level you can add them on YouTube
and weave those embed those in that's
just a good way to to build those
out demo book a cool page so let's look
at couple options
here so there's a few ways that your
book a call your demo page can help you
drive more qualified leads more
qualified demos rather than just going
for quote unquote leads at all costs as
we want to save ourselveses team time
and we want to speak to people that are
more likely to actually invest in our
offer so on the breaking B2B doc book a
cool
page we have got the headline see if we
can scale your B2B company that's our
headline see if we can scale your B2B
company so we're not saying we can help
everyone we're saying we can have a
discussion and see if we can actually
help you underneath that you can talk
about what you're going to cover on that
cool so case we say look we're going to
discuss any current frustrations share
ideas and examples see if we're a good
fit we maybe we may not and if we cannot
help we'll try and recommend a trusted
partner um so think about four or five
bullets that you could perhaps put on
the left hand side of your
page and explain exactly what people
want to know on that call what you're
going to do and the fact that you're not
trying to push everyone for a sale
you're going to be open you're going to
ask questions you're going to share
examples and ideas and then on the right
hand side of the page I encourage you to
have a scheduling calendar not an
inquiry form where someone fills in a
form Waits two days three days four days
get an EMA gets an email back and you're
just playing email tennis with a sales
rep get a calendar scheduler be a
calendly be it Revenue hero or be it
someone else so people can instantly
choose a time that works for
them and they can book a cool directly
with a specialist that can address their
questions and help guide them through
the process and you can even put self-
qualification on these forms like cly or
Revenue hero we can ask for the name
email and you can ask things like how
did you hear about us if you need to ask
about budget you can ask kind of what's
motivated them to speak to you today and
the key challenges and goals if you need
to and then they can book that time
direct with the specialist and you can
also above the fold on this book of demo
contact page have a testimonial video
like we've got and then maybe some more
kind of written testimonial underneath
so the main point of this book a demo or
contact page is just to build trust and
um just encourage skeptical prospects
that they're not going to be on a sales
focused convo it's going to be a useful
conversation that's going to Aid them um
let's have a a quick look at Revenue
Heroes yeah similar kind of thing on
Revenue Heroes left hand side they break
down what's going to be on that 30
minute demo they've got a review just
underneath and then they've got that
scheduling process on the right hand
side it's just quite straightforward to
the point shares what's going to happen
makes it easier easy for folks to book
that time cool so next up more more than
a page resources SL blog so re resources
could be a whole bunch of things So
within the resources tab of your website
that could be something like help
section it could be blog articles it
could be podcast video library guides
playbooks best practices PR and all that
kind of stuff so resources are going to
be
useful as they can do a number of things
so they can educate prospects that
perhaps not ready to buy yet but want to
learn more about your Niche your offer
um or more about use cases or helpful
guides they can entertain so maybe
you've got a podcast or video series
where interview folks in your target
market where you share tips you share
ideas um they can grow other channels so
articles could perhaps have call to
actions so for example let's have a
quick look at the revenue hero blog I
think they've got quite a nice way of
structuring out their articles so for
example when you scroll down on one of
the revenue hero blog article pages so
if you're on an article on the left hand
side fixed they've got an option like a
lead magnet as you scroll it's fixed the
left hand side where you can sign up for
the newsletter but yours could be grab a
free guide or try out our YouTube
channel or try out our podcast for more
tips and it's all about folks that maybe
aren't ready to buy yet have maybe
stumbled upon an article of yours
through a Google search or from social
and it just keeps them in your ecosystem
so yeah you might retarget them with ads
be on LinkedIn or elsewhere but also
giving them the option to they're not
ready to buy yet but they might want to
sign up for email they might want to
grab a lead magnet they might to check
out your YouTube channel or podcast it's
just something that it's worth doing um
on that side of things so yeah building
out resource Pages useful articles
building out a podcast
section appreciate that might not be top
of mind if you're kind of early stage
but as you build out your company having
those useful resources that your sales
team can use for sales enablement so
they might link out to a specific
podcast is relevant to your conversation
searchable content so if you're creating
articles that maybe be using the job to
be done framework I how to and then
paino that someone's struggling with so
maybe how to
book more meetings with ideal clients or
how to schedule times with clients
without back and forth might be one for
a tool like Revenue hero calendar
scheduling then creating that useful
content that's searchable addresses
those pain points drives signups but
also encourages people to stay in your
ecosystem is super super useful next one
Alternatives or versus Pages again
another slightly controversial one but
these are really good to scoop up
traffic and demos for people that are on
the fence maybe comparing you to another
another competitor so for example we did
these for our client worlds spark.com we
basically listed out a list of probably
10 or so of their top 10 competitors
that are always mentioned on sales calls
if you're not sure but you could just
head to a review site like G2 whatever
review site is relevant for your Tech or
SAS company make a list of those top
competitors and then look to build out
Alternatives Pages re are really good
for SEO um you can even run paid traffic
to them and they'll usually just be
folks searching like in this case it's
leadex
Alternatives um in Revenue Hero's case
it might be calendly Alternatives or hub
spot meetings Alternatives or chili
Piper Alternatives and it's a great way
to scoop up folks that are on the fence
comparing their options and may well
book a demo with you so in our case we
built out one one example here is leadex
Alternatives which is for worlds spark
and usually these these realistical type
Pages they have like top 10 top 12
whatever um and the best way I recommend
to build them out is to give a bit of
context at the start maybe talk about
that competitor a little bit and then
position your own offer is number one
but don't talk about how great you are
the features that you've got talk about
your points of differentation how you're
different in the market so what
separates you from the competition you
could even consider having a table like
this is our main competitor this is us
this is how we're different this is why
folks choose us the problems we fix they
don't the benefits we bring they don't
talk about that for a little bit and
then have some kind of cool to action
whe that social proof case study then a
call to action to schedule that demo or
sign up for 30 days or whatever that is
relevant and then underneath you'll have
the remaining competitors so in this
case that the other nine Alternatives
but do a fair summary of them do not
slag them off do not call them names do
not make false allegations because you
get yourself a court case just give a
fair summary of what's actually factual
about those competitors it's a super
good way to scoop up traffic scoop up
leads from SEO standpoint or pay traffic
because a lot of people are searching
alternatives to your offer or to your
competitor or they're searching versus
like you versus competitor really good
way for SAS to grab signups and demos
and then lastly we've got about or Why
Us Again these Pages can sometimes scoop
up a bit of traffic because folks might
want to know the background story and I
usually encourage you if we look at
Winters I'm just looking at Winters our
story
page so I usually say for the about page
don't talk about kind of how great you
are that kind of stuff just give a
summary of kind of what you do PR you
fix maybe talk talk about your founder
story kind of why you built the platform
why you built the
company and then dive into kind of what
your offer does and then clear call to
action maybe Point people to some useful
resources podcast whatever or if they
want to sign up grab a demo they can
doesn't need to be super long mainly
people might just want to know kind of
why you set the company up found a story
PRS you fix and then dive into some more
useful resources or or grab that sign up
these about Pages or Ys Pages can Garner
quite a lot of traffic from my
experience they get quite a lot of page
views that is it for some of the core
Pages feel free to drop any questions in
the comments and I'll get to those um
but moving on before we wrap up on the
last few points SEO and if you do want
this is going to be a brief snapshot on
SEO but if you do want a detailed
summary on how to tackle SAS SEO B2B
Tech SEO to make organic search a
sustainable driver of leads signups and
demos then watch the ultimate SAS SEO
strategy if you search ultimate SAS SEO
strategy Sam Dunning or ultimate SAS SEO
strategy breaking B2B you can find the
audio podcast or the YouTube episode
that dives into this for about 45 or so
minutes so a few quick pointers if
you're doing SAS SEO you want to
prioritize money keywords IE folks with
high intent speak to sell so that could
be keywords like
best
software for your offer so to give you a
contextual example that might be in the
calendar scheduling world best calendar
scheduling software or best X for
industry like best Canada scheduling for
sales
teams another money keyword might be
Alternatives that we just walk through
or versus keywords or Niche relevant
keywords so offer for industry um Canada
scheduling for HR Canada scheduling for
revops teams and so on those are usually
what we call Money keywords people are
not typing that in for fun they're
typing that in because they want to have
a convo and look at a demo around your
offer um then you assess the inent
intent of a page you type in the keyword
on Google see what type of content
listing is it an article is it a
listicle is it a product page landing
page whatever so you know what type of
Google content Google
expects build out the page so look at
those top three organic competitors look
for gaps and how you can improve the
page how you can make it more detailed
more helpful more useful can you add
more examples of your product your offer
can you address more questions more FAQs
more objections head on can you add some
unique statistics can you make your page
just more enjoyable more helpful based
on customer research and based on
leveraging insights from Schools
customer success support and all that
good stuff meta title and description so
it needs to include the relevant keyword
in those and URL needs the focus keyword
I if I was building a page on breaking
B2B for B2B SEO agency it would be
breaking bb.com B2B hyen SEO hyen
agency um one H1 per page so one H1
heading tag with your focus keyword in
leverage experience expertise Authority
trust leverage customer research address
common FAQs and pain points and
objections within sales calls internally
link so make sure make it easy for
Google to call the pages so if you're
building a page for example let's say as
a use case of your
product um so for example in I don't
know as an example on breaking bb.com if
we're doing a B2B SAS page we'll link
probably to our SAS guide to our link
building guide on SAS and all other
resources so Google can easily crw those
you can also strengthen your topical
Authority and just help you rank a bit
better in general um make sure the
design looks good so it doesn't look
like a potato it's not a wall of text
it's actually got a nice UI it's easy to
navigate on mobile PC easy to scroll
easy to find what you need as clear
social proof testimonials review videos
accreditations and clear and consistent
call to actions to grab that demo or
take that next step and the one thing
that comp the big large scale companies
fail on on SEO is publishing at scale so
your advantage if you are a kind of
slightly smaller or scrappier company is
you can publish content at scale
articles landing pages Pages industry
Pages Alternatives Pages competitive
Pages if you can publish fast you can
see what ranks anything lacking behind
you can improve the content add more
depth start building links and you can
kind of work on that really lean and
aggressive publishing model whereas if
you slow and steady if You' got loads of
red tape if you're super slow and Large
Scale company that's where you can get
kind of overtaken and then lastly
building links to competitive terms but
like I said if you search ultimate SAS
SEO strategy breaking B2B you're going
to find that detailed rundown of this
one
and then considering platforms so three
of the most popular platforms I see for
SAS Tech sites are WordPress advantage
of Wordpress is that you fully own it
within
reason so you own the platform rather
than renting it off somewhere else um
you do the disadvantage of that is that
there is things like plugins you need to
update security updates ideally needs
maintenance and you also need to take
out a hosting plan on a server to store
the website but if you move the code you
can move it to another team or agency
relatively easy you can kind of within
reason access all the code access all
the files and within reason you own that
um but there is a bit more maintenance
inside of things you're going to have to
consider but WordPress Powers a big
chunk of the web last time I looked it
was like 51% or so of the web that might
have changed very popular CMS very
customizable in terms of design and
scale so a lot of scalability within
WordPress other one webflow more of a
do-it-yourself Builder but of course you
can get an agency involved like us to
design and build out but that's more of
a you pay a monthly fee and you're
almost quote unquote living on rented
land so you don't own the
code but it can give you a lot of
flexibility to easily make updates and
changes to the site webflow seems to be
more and more popular from my experience
with B2B tech tech and SAS companies um
a lot of folks moving it to I think
that's because they're finding their
marketing teams can just quickly dive in
and make edits so it seems to be quite
popular and a similar story with HubSpot
again these two platforms you don't need
to kind of they're all self-hosted you
pay a monthly fee and everything's there
you don't have to worry about
maintenance or plug-in updates you can
just dive in update yourself usually
they do it yourself kind of Builders um
but those are probably three of the most
popular that I'm seeing right now when
it comes to B2B SAS or Tech platforms or
CMS content Management systems and then
final points to wrap this up up are your
website can always be improved so it's
not a one and done you can always
leverage insights customer research be a
constant feedback loop listening to
sales calls prospecting calls customer
success support understanding what are
the gaps on your website if you run a
podcast like I do I'm constantly gaining
insights from marketing leaders
understanding what they care about
seeing on Tech and B2B sites so I can
say oh okay our sites or our client
sites are actually missing that we can
address that can really help with FAQs
on key pages
handling objections and weaving in stuff
just staying on top of what your target
market wants to see um there's plenty of
tools once you start getting a
sustainable amount of traffic when
you're running ads when you're doing SEO
when you're doing various campaigns to
drive traffic to your site there's lots
of tools that you can use to improve
your site conversion rates so analytics
tools heat Maps tools session recording
so if you see that lots of people are
dropping off low page page times and you
might want to see where they're dropping
off on the page like what they're where
they're getting to with scroll so maybe
a page is super belong and they're only
seeing the top half above the fold and
not bothering to go below there so you
realize some work needs to be done
visitor identifications So to that the
time of release of this there's a tool
called R B2B in the US where you can
actually identify the folks in the US
granular person and identity level
they're actually looking at a site
that's RB Tob really nice tool and you
can see us only at the moment what US
folks the actual persons looking a site
and you can reach out to them
personalized requests on LinkedIn or
email nice way to kind of Target those
folks that haven't inquired but could be
Hot Prospects then of course you want to
goes without saying you want to Market
on the channels your target clients use
or hang out on regularly whether that is
Google search LinkedIn building a
podcast around your industry building
out useful resources to attract those
inbound opportunities build trust build
brand and probably most important one of
websites is build for what Focus build
for what your focused buyers care about
learning seeing taking action on build
your messaging your design your copy
around that don't build it for your exec
team's ego so build it with that in mind
um and that is pretty much it from me
for that session like I said if you want
to I have got some useful resources that
cover a lot of this stuff so if you head
to Breaking B2B tocom if you hit the
newsletter tab you can instantly unlock
my full website guide as well as my SEO
guide just breaking btb breaking bb.com
hit the newsletter tab you can grab that
in instantly or if you want to check out
the podcast we've got 389 episodes with
marketing leaders or solo episodes on
SEO web design and more or lastly if
you're perhaps a bit frustrated that
your SAS or Tech website isn't driving a
steady flow of Dem demos or signups and
head over to Breaking bb.com book a cool
I'll be happy to chat with you and see
if we can help otherwise appreciate you
tuning in thanks for taking the time and
I shall catch you on the next one cheers
[Music]